hello dear friends with you and
screens today we take a look at and such
fascinating battle on the fourth fourth when
i got angry
before that I was on the highway's map
the city and I just do not podkaliberami
punched time after time seven and I
I blew up the transfer I charged land mines and
decided to check how 704 feels
shooting only mine bombs
let's look at the characteristics of land mines
that is, it is 950 average damage and 90
penetrability
but how do we know the problems of object 704 here
and there is a rumor that this bl-10 is constantly
in guslya without damage get on and out
kickbacks a bunch of fights I do not have such a problem
noticed that is mined but not more often than
let's say the other guns at 700
this fourth reason for the problem
I became an edge and very often I
shot just no damage and therefore
explosive bomb here 322 damage caused t-43 in
principle like little friends but we look
Further, but this damage is stable, that is
I will not convince just now what
it is possible there we will allow on more effectively
ride 704 only on land mines
but this is just so fofan say
see how it happens again t-54
stick out only the forehead of the tower that is
shoots bb let's say I could again
hit the cannon without damage
in the forehead of the tower or in the mask and then right there with 399
damage stable as we see t-43 i
inflict 962 damage god friends just 906
in 964 even just 964
that is, you see your pluses there is
Here 434 hp in kt in the forehead, too, get without
special work
that is already good friends as you can see
again it's 50 foursome again this t-40
threesome i'm already rolling out and laying down
misses all the same land mines are not land mines
but they also like to miss
would be a trick again see what else
mines advantage is permissible if
someone is trying to trumpet around the corner
gusley that is bb you are absolutely nothing
but in the meantime, a land mine
cause him there the 300 damage understand
that is, even if shooting but naturally
that he is completely on land mines
it is completely unwise to move on
such moments that is always worth taking
several mines exactly let's say someone
cracks gusley i mean you charged
landmine and broads that is at least some
but does anyone have damage there tip or
forehead tower there y e 75 sticks out scared
always great damayit see
366 that is, without much difficulty without
particular purpose its not me just being shot
lifting and already caused their damage
54 probably wonders why I think
land mines but fun for the feet out until
so far it's pretty interesting
that is, here again, almost 400 hp damage
quite normal given that there is no
there is no bounce
any hits without damage ie damage
goes steadily with every hit or
even next to the tank goes splash that is
see 441
very very good damage goes that is
there is also some kind of zest
in this all that is in shooting bombs
that is, there are some nice ones too
moments but this is by the way far from all
Friends look further applied already three
800 thousand damage
exclusively friends
land mines
that is, here and now food for 54
which tormented the whole fight so here I am not
I hit the third unfortunately up to 50
the foursomes tormented the whole fight there me and
now running away that is again see
there is already no sense there bb explosive without
the difference he had there was 369 CAT
It is natural that I took them with a bomb
special work and here I think everything
Shoot, in principle, excellent it seems
x2 was even that is, everything is fine
okay eat it we are 8 shorter well
yes he armored think x p300 him
I take off the principle normally yes at night 300
Hop and excess damage does not happen and here I am
check out just add up
he naturally punches me him I varnish
God shoots him
about 908 friends just exploded
is a 8 well, that is, more than 5 thousand damage
Of course this is not a super duper result but
this is so from several couples and fights
who rode a land mine here in
principle often there are moments like me you
57 like even god tilted there
punched that is, and a thousand horseradish something
there is also more damage plus minus 25
percent then maybe 1200 so
fly out that is very cool
interests hope you friends too
like subscribe to the channel
put likes join vkontakte group
and good luck in randomness